c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\TutorApplication.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\TutorApplication.pdb
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\obj\Debug\TutorApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\obj\Debug\TutorApplication.dll
c:\users\suneel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\obj\Debug\TutorApplication.pdb
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\TutorApplication.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\TutorApplication.pdb
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\obj\Debug\TutorApplication.dll
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\obj\Debug\TutorApplication.pdb
E:\StudentProjectProgresss\TutorApplication\TutorApplication\obj\Debug\TutorApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
